Search and Kill compiling instructions

1. License
----------
Copyright (c) 2012 Lcferrum

This program comes with no warranty.
You must use this program at your own risk.
Licensed under BSD license - see LICENSE.TXT file for details.

2. General
----------
Search and Kill (SnK) is written using C++ (ISO/IEC 14882:1998) and is intended
to be used on Windows only. General compilation steps:

    1) Download sources from https://github.com/lcferrum/snk

    2) Compile it using appropriate compiler.

    3) After compiling, see the README.TXT file for instructions on using SnK.

3. Specific compiling instructions
----------------------------------
The easiest way to compile SnK is by using MinGW with included makefile. Just
make sure that you have installed MinGW correctly, switch to sources directory
and type (in Windows console):

    mingw32-make
    
Or, if under MSYS:

    make
    
This will compile both versions of SnK (windowless and normal). For some other
compile options please check makefile itself.

If you want to use another compiler (e.g. Visual Studio), consider the
following:

    - Use empty Win32 console project without precompiled headers as basis.
    - Change character set to multi-byte in project defaults.
    - Output executables must be named SnK.exe (console version) and SnKh.exe
      (windowless version).    
    - Include all the .cpp files to the project. But you don't need 
      ConRedirection.cpp for non-windowless version (exclude from build).
    - Define NOMINMAX in preprocessor settings.
    - Add psapi.lib and version.lib to additional dependencies in linker
      settings.
    - Make sure that Windows target version (_WIN32_WINNT) is at least Windows
      2000 (0x0500).
    - If using Visual Studio 2010 and higher, set platform toolset to v90.
      Otherwise, with higher value, you won't be able to run SnK on Windows
      2000.
    - To compile windowless version additionally you need to: define HIDDEN in
      preprocessor settings; change subsystem to Windows in linker settings; 
      change entry point to mainCRTStartup in linker settings.
 